If I go to Wanjia area, I will go to Wanjia.
If I can find a way to get in touch with you first.
That is, be careful of your own Nanbao,
It has students who even manage other people. You're a piece of shit,
Why do I have Nanbao on my own? You know the dragon, right?
Here, I’m following you and I’m not a young master anymore,
You dare to mess with Mr. Jie, they are 80's shit.
I heard that Mr. Wan also frightened the entire hotel by eating sentence bags as a wedding gift.
And also invited all the adults in Tianhai who have sex with you.
When did you have such a literary knowledge?
Are you bragging?
Otherwise, it would be such a big stage.
I tell you
Today's wedding
How to transfer sections
This wedding is a wedding
You become confused
Isn't that right?
Okay, don't talk.
Leave this place to me
You tell me the bus
My wedding is coming soon
It's still ventilated at Moma
What are you doing again? Don't talk. Don't talk. Look.
This little kid is here to make trouble again.
Still obsessed with wedding venues?